---
layout: post
title: September 13, 2015
---

This week in Software Engineering we completed our first project, had a speaker came in to talk us about Bloomberg and learned about exceptions. Our first project was relatively easy and I had fun implementing a cache to reduce the timings. Since it’s my first time learning Python, this project really helped me to become a bit more familiar with it using new things like tuples. 
I really enjoyed the talk that Chris gave to us on Bloomberg. It was really interesting to learn about what his daily days are like and the technologies he has used. I especially enjoyed the advice Chris gave us on interviews and finding a job since the career fair is coming up. I actually have not thought about that companies are looking for people that not only know what they are doing, but also fits the personalities or culture of the company. One important thing I learned from Chris was that never say you are an expert on anything, there will always be something that you will not know. 


## tip-of-the-week

Since career fair is coming up, my tip of the week would be to start researching on the companies you want to talk to. You don’t want to be the person that couldn’t answer what the company does even though you are there asking to get a job. Doing research would also make you feel confident to know what they are looking for and to show them you are what they want. It’s also a good idea to save the company you really want to talk to for last so you can warm up and not get too nervous. 
